♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ Whenever there's a problem ♪
♪ 'Round Adventure Bay ♪
♪ Ryder and his team of pups ♪
♪ Will come and save the day ♪
♪ Marshall, Rubble, Chase ♪
♪ Rocky, Zuma, Skye ♪
♪ Yeah, they're on the way ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whenever you're in trouble ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ No job's too big
No pup's too small ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, we're on a roll! ♪
♪ So here we go, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whoa-oh-oh ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Whoa-oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ PAW Patrol ♪
[barks]
[Chase]"Pups Fall Festival."
How 'bout this?
Thanks, Chase.
Oh, these beauties are perfect!
Just in time for the Fall Festival!
[exhales]
My apples are as sweet as can be.
[grunting]
I love, love, love apples, Farmer Yumi.
Don't forget our pumpkins!
I love, love, love pumpkins too!
Especially in pies.
I can't reach any more branches.
I can reach those branches easy. Watch!
[panting]
No, wait!
[grunts]
Got it! [chuckles]
But, Marshall, those are too…
Uh-oh.
Whoa!
…sproingy.
-Ah!
-[moos]
Sorry, Bettina! [grunts]
Huh?
I'm okay!
-Marshall!
-[laughing]
You okay, Marshall? [laughs]
Oh no!
I'm sorry. I'll clean it all up!
No, no, Marshall.
Pumpkin goop, I can handle.
It's the way Bettina's acting
that has me worried.
[moos]
[Yumi] All that switching and twitching
means bad weather is coming.
And that won't be good for the apples.
Yep. Snow's coming.
Cows always know.
There's a snowstorm coming?
It's not even winter yet!
Whatever fruit we don't pick today
will freeze and be no good for the fair.
Oh, peach fuzz!
Then we have to pick everything
before the storm gets here!
[Chase] That's a lot of picking.
[Yumi]
It'll take the three of us way too long.
This is terrible!
Ryder and the PAW Patrol can help!
Yeah, let's go, go, go!
[grunts]
Whoa! [grunts]
Ugh!
[chuckles]
Ryder!
What's up, pups?
Farmer Yumi needs our help!
A snowstorm is blowing in!
She has to pick
all of her fruit by tonight
or the Fall Festival will be ruined!
Don't worry, pups.
No job is too big. No pup is too small!
[beeps]
PAW Patrol to the Lookout!
-[panting]
-[barking]
[laughs]
You're it!
[barks]
[beeps]
[Ryder] PAW Patrol to the Lookout!
Last one to the Lookout is it!
[grunts]
[beeps]
[Ryder] PAW Patrol to the Lookout!
It's Ryder!
Race ya!
Toy box!
Here comes Rubble on the double!
That's not fair!
[panting and barking]
[both] I win!
I win!
I win.
[upbeat music playing]
[elevator dings]
PAW Patrol ready for action, Ryder, sir.
Thanks for hustling, Pups.
Farmer Yumi needs our help!
A snowstorm is coming.
If the orchard freezes,
all the fruit on the trees will be ruined.
Wow. Farmer Yumi really needs our help.
Yeah, she's counting on us.
Marshall, we need you and your ladder
to reach the fruit in the high branches.
I'm fired up!
-[beeps]
-Rubble's bucket loader
will help get the fruit
into the barn for storage
-fast.
-Rubble on the double!
The rest of the PAW Patrol will help too.
This job is big enough for every pup!
[barks and giggles]
[all cheering]
PAW Patrol is on a roll!
-♪ PAW Patrol! ♪
-♪ Go ♪
-[laughing]
-♪ Go, go, go ♪
-Whoa!
-♪ Go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-Whoa!
♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ Marshall ♪
-[barks]
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ Rubble ♪
-[howls]
♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
[tires squeal]
[barks]
This pup's gotta fly!
[sirens blaring]
Whoo!
[all barking]
Ryder and the PAW Patrol! Yes!
Now we'll get at least
some of the fruit picked before it snows.
We'll get all of it picked, Farmer Yumi.
No apple left behind!
Yeah! PAW Patrol is fast, fast, fast.
Skye and Zuma,
you start with the pumpkins.
All right!
Come on, Skye. Let's dive in!
Marshall, let's get a ladder
to the top of this tree.
[barks]
[truck beeping]
You and I are on picking patrol!
How 'bout me?
There's got to be a way to get
these apples to the barn extra fast.
I'll see what I can dig up.
What can I do?
Just see what needs doing
and pitch in, Chase.
I could put some apples in the barn!
-[honks]
-Whoa!
I'll move these baskets!
Or not.
Let's get this big one!
Okay!
[both grunting]
Hey, Skye! Do you pups need some-- Huh?
Help!
[grunts]
I'm just in the way here.
Maybe I can help somewhere else.
Hmm. An old rain gutter!
Perfect!
Don't lose it, reuse it! [barks]
Here comes Rubble on the double.
PAW Patrol is ready to roll
some pumpkins.
[grunts]
There must be something I can do.
Whoa! [grunts]
Marshall! The pumpkins!
Oh! Whoa! Whoa! No!
[gasps]
Marshall! Watch out!
[brakes squeal]
Uh-oh!
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!
[grunts]
Marshall, you okay?
[Marshall weakly] I'm okay.
You look good in orange.
Oh no! The farm is a mess!
Pups, this isn't how we get the job done!
We totally got in each other's way.
Hmm.
Chase, now I've got a job for you.
What is it, Ryder, sir?
We need you to direct traffic around here.
Yeah, Chase would make
a great traffic cop,
'cause, well, he is a traffic cop.
What are we waiting for? [barks]
[over loudspeaker] PAW Patrol, let's roll!
Rocky's Fruit Chute, ready for action.
Give it a try, Ryder.
Don't lose it, reuse it!
Keep 'em coming!
Rocky, use your truck to help Rubble!
[barks]
Rubble, take it away!
Come on in, Rocky!
Zuma and Skye, ready your pumpkins!
Go, Zuma! Pumpkin path left!
Got it!
Skye, roll yours right!
Rolling!
Oh yeah! Uh-huh!
We got apples! Whoo-whoo!
It's getting colder and there's still
a lot of pumpkins to move!
Hmm.
I know a fast way to get
these pumpkins into the barn!
Pumpkin rolling contest!
Hey, Chase! Call it out!
Into the barn, rollers!
-Whoo-hoo!
-Yeah!
Whoo-hoo!
Whoa!
[laughing]
I win! Yip! [chuckles]
[Rocky] Whoa!
[grunts]
I'm okay.
[giggles]
♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
That's the last of 'em!
That's it, pups! You did it!
We all did it.
And just in time.
The snow's really coming down now.
Ryder, you and the pups saved the day!
Now the Fall Festival is back on!
Anytime, Farmer Yumi.
Whenever you need us, just yelp for help!
I declare Adventure Bay's Fall Festival
now open!
[crowd cheers]
♪ You're all good pups ♪
-♪ And we saved the day ♪
-[laughing]
♪ Now it's time play
Around Adventure Bay ♪
Uh-oh!
Marshall!
Uh, look out.
I'm okay.
[theme music playing]